README.md, before:

# ---- Batch Auto Activator for Steam Games ----


##Batch Auto Activator for Steam Games (BAASK) can activate game keys automatically to your Steam account.



<br /><br />
# ---- How To Use ----

###Head over to the Release Page

There you can download the compiled binaries and just run the executable file and be fine.

###Grab the source and complile it yourself

Don't trust an executable you found on the internet? That's ok, go grab the source code from the release page, or clone this repo

###Launching Program

After you launch BAASK.exe (or compile it yourself, whatever the case) you need to enter in one key per line in the key box and when finished entering keys, click run.
Avoid additional problems by not moving the mouse or using the keyboard until all the keys have been cycled through.
Your duplicate keys will be returned to the program, along with any untested keys (if any).

<br /><br />
# ---- ABOUT ----

This program was originally forked from the "dead" repo maintained by the user goldenxp, of which was a "Spiritual Successor to SBKA by CoffeeCone".

However I decided instead of making a fork to a dead repository, I will proclaim myself as the new program maintainer.

I like the idead of what CoffeeCone was doing, and what goldenxp tried to revive (he did a good job until it died about a year ago)
so I hope to continue this program so all game horders like me can sit back and relax as our games are activated for us.

<br /><br />
# ---- Waffle.IO ----

https://waffle.io/djreisch/BAASK

<br /><br />
# ---- Disclaimer ----
Steam and all logos relating to are registered trademarks of the Valve Corporation. This program and it's creator have no intent to infridge any copywrite laws or commit breaches against Steam or Valve TOS guidelines.

Commit message:

added section about installing at least one game before running to README

README.md, after:

# ---- Batch Auto Activator for Steam Games ----


##Batch Auto Activator for Steam Games (BAASK) can activate game keys automatically to your Steam account.



<br /><br />
# ---- How To Use ----

###Head over to the Release Page

There you can download the compiled binaries and just run the executable file and be fine.

###Grab the source and complile it yourself

Don't trust an executable you found on the internet? That's ok, go grab the source code from the release page, or clone this repo

###Launching Program

After you launch BAASK.exe (or compile it yourself, whatever the case) you need to enter in one key per line in the key box and when finished entering keys, click run.
Avoid additional problems by not moving the mouse or using the keyboard until all the keys have been cycled through.
Your duplicate keys will be returned to the program, along with any untested keys (if any).

###WARNING!

If you have never installed a Steam game on the system you are using to activate the game key there will be issues!
Without having installed at least ONE game the program can't correctly identify certain windows (Steam does this for some weird reason)
Before running the program we suggest you have at least one game installed.

<br /><br />
# ---- ABOUT ----

This program was originally forked from the "dead" repo maintained by the user goldenxp, of which was a "Spiritual Successor to SBKA by CoffeeCone".

However I decided instead of making a fork to a dead repository, I will proclaim myself as the new program maintainer.

I like the idead of what CoffeeCone was doing, and what goldenxp tried to revive (he did a good job until it died about a year ago)
so I hope to continue this program so all game horders like me can sit back and relax as our games are activated for us.

<br /><br />
# ---- Waffle.IO ----

https://waffle.io/djreisch/BAASK

<br /><br />
# ---- Disclaimer ----
Steam and all logos relating to are registered trademarks of the Valve Corporation. This program and it's creator have no intent to infridge any copywrite laws or commit breaches against Steam or Valve TOS guidelines.
